Commander!
Look at this.
I think they're
some kind of apple.
There are trees
filled with them
as far as the eye can see
just over that ridge.
Kaylos. Ah.
Aren't they gorgeous?
One bite'll kill you.
Puff you up like a vakolfish.
your windpipe
Yeah, first
( gasping )
swells...
and just when you think
you're going to die
of suffocation...
Ow! Oh, you get a sharp pain
in your knees,
its way right up to...
which begins to work
I think we get
the picture.
Sorry, Mr. Carey.
old trader's axiom:
Just remember the
fruit by its skin.
Never judge a
On the other hand,
huh, take a bite.
What is it?
A leola root.
You expect us to eat this?
I brought you here, Commander.
This is the reason
There's no better source
of vitamins and minerals
in the Quadrant
this ugly little root.
than in this,
I'd find the second-best source
acceptable if it tasted better.
You humans!
roughing it, are you?
You're not used to
Well, take it
from one who knows.
The day may come
when you'll relish
every last crunch
of leola.
Stewed for a few hours
in a light herbal broth,
ah, you won't even notice
the mildew.
think we're alone.
Captain, I don't
Mr. Tuvok, run a lateral
EM scan for me,
coordinates 81
mark 40.
Running scan.
What do you see, Mr. Paris?
It's like a reflection.
Something in low orbit.
a certain angle from the sun...
When it moves into
He's correct. I am picking up
an ionization trail.
There is another ship in orbit.
of cloaking device?
Using some kind
It's not a cloaking device
as we know it, Captain.
I cannot say for certain
what it is,
some kind of masking circuitry
but the ship does employ
that has affected our sensors.
CHAKOTAY: Go ahead, Captain.
Voyager to away team.
Any unexpected life signs down
there, Commander?
Nothing but bloodworms.
Neelix wants to bring
some back for a tartar
he wants to make. I'm trying
to talk him out of it.
unidentified ship in low orbit.
We're picking up an
and prepare to transport back
Collect your teams,
while we investigate.
Acknowledged.
Chakotay out.
All units, report to transport
site A immediately.
Captain, I believe
a polaron burst
may give us visual contact.
Do it.
The hull design does conform
Kazon.
of the Kazon-Nistrim sect.
to known specifications
Voyager to away teams. Return
to the ship immediately.
Acknowledged, Captain.
Transporter Room, get ready
to begin on my command.
Where is
Ensign Seska?
Chakotay to Seska.
Transporter Room,
can you locate
combadge signal?
Ensign Seska's
Negative, Commander.
I'm not reading any sign of her.
She was picking berries
with our group,
over by the hillside.
There were caves nearby.
If she went inside one,
it might be blocking
her combadge signal.
The rest of you get
back to the ship.
to look for her.
I'm going
Oh, thank
the Prophets!
What are you
doing here?
Mushrooms. I saw them growing
by the mouth of the cave.
how to make your favorite soup.
I wanted to teach Neelix
I appreciate
the thought,
but we've got
to get out of here.
Stardate 48658.2.
Captain's Log,
We successfully left orbit
without further interference
from the Kazon.
Commander Chakotay was injured,
but is recovering
from his wounds.
( door chimes )
Come in.
I didn't think
I'd make it.
Feeling better?
Yeah. What have
you got there?
Real food.
You got Neelix to make
some mushroom soup.
Are you kidding?
The man wanted
to stretch the mushrooms
with just a little...
leola root.
Leola root.
We got into
this tug of war
with the bag of mushrooms
in the middle.
It was the most ludicrous thing
you've ever seen.
Tuvok and Kes broke us up,
and then Neelix
threw me out of his kitchen.
So, how did you...?
Mm, strictly a Maquis operation.
Hmm!
First, we arranged
for a little morale crisis.
A couple of our people
suddenly came down
with severe homesickness.
Neelix, our devoted
morale officer,
responded to the call
and came in to cheer them up,
and while they were
all singing Rakan folk songs,
Jackson and I
broke into the kitchen.
You looted the
food reserves?
Well, if he's not going
to give us a decent meal...
I can't believe you did this.
Well, it's not like
we're hiding anything.
I did bring soup straight
to the First Officer, didn't I?
Thanks for including me
in a criminal conspiracy.
Does he know
about this yet?
Well, the morale crisis ended
a few minutes ago, so I'd say...
Neelix to Chakotay.
...that he probably does.
Go ahead, Neelix.
I'd like to report a crime.
my kitchen and stolen food--
Someone has broken into
Taken food out of the mouths
of their crewmates.
I know.
It was that Seska, wasn't it?
I promise you everyone involved
will be disciplined.
If you'd like my recommendations
for punishment...
I'll handle that.
Thank you.
Chakotay out.
Replicator privileges
revoked for two days.
Everyone, including me.
They're not going to do it.
Then I'll personally put them in
the Brig.
You'd put me in the Brig?
After all we've
been through?
The soup was worth losing
the replicator privileges
for two days. Admit it.
That's not the point.
I get the point.
Can we make up now?
your favorite soup like I do?
Who else knows how to make
No one...
but we agreed
a long time ago,
this wouldn't work.
Look around, Chakotay.
potential mates out here.
There aren't that many
Of course, if you're
not interested...
on young Ensign Kim.
I have had my eye
Janeway to all senior officers.
Please report to the bridge.
We require help... immediately!
MALE:
this message, please help!
Anyone who can hear
Long-range scanners
picked up the distress signal
three minutes ago.
TUVOK:
The ship's dimensions
are identical
to the vessel
we encountered at the planet.
It is a Kazon-Nistrim
ship, Captain.
Captain, this may be a trap.
The Kazon-Nistrim is one
of the most violent sects
in the entire Kazon Collective.
We need immediate assistance!
all bridge operations.
We have lost
Barely able to function.
Please... assist!
Mr. Kim, can you determine
if this ship
has sustained genuine damage?
There are fluctuating
nucleonic patterns.
reactor breakdown on board.
It might indicate a
Mr. Paris, run an extended
scanner sequence
any other Kazon ships
to identify
that might be in the area.
( console beeping )
Nothing showing up, Captain.
and set a heading to intercept.
Maintain scans
New heading entered.
PARIS:
I take your warning
seriously, Neelix,
and will act
with caution,
help, we should.
but if we can
Besides,
an opportunity
this may be
to make a friend,
and out here,
we can use all the friends
we can get.
What could do something like
TORRES:
this?
I'm showing high levels
of nucleonic radiation.
It seems to be isolated
in that area.
It is likely
that the ship's
automatic containment
systems were activated
when the radiation
entered the bridge.
We should be safe
as long as we stay
on this side
of the force field.
Someone's alive over here.
( groaning )
CHAKOTAY:
Away team to Voyager.
We've got a single male Kazon
alive on the bridge.
directly to sick bay.
Transport him
Energizing.
It appears the explosion
emanated from this console.
Something look a little odd
about it to you?
The structural pattern
does not conform
to the rest of the bridge.
There's something else
strange about it.
trace of a neosorium composite,
The residue has a .41 percent
who uses neosorium technology,
and I don't know anyone
the Federation.
except for
So how did it get into
the hands of the Kazon?
Incredible.
Somehow, virtually every cell
in his body has been altered.
Altered?
have mutated,
His cells
or they've been fused
with inorganic matter.
I can't make heads or tails
of it. Look at this.
His blood cells have bonded
with metallic nuclei.
closest to the explosion
The crew members
huge pieces of metal fragments.
were virtually melded with
than the others.
He was luckier
That remains
to be seen.
a complete pyrocyte replacement
I'm going to have to do
to keep him alive.
if we're going
compatible donors on board.
We'd better hope there are
I'll run a cytological
screening of the crew.
know the results
We'll let you
as soon as we can.
apparent Federation signature
Captain, there was an
What?
to the explosion.
It looked like
they were trying to install
some new technology
that detonated.
they have some kind
You're saying
of Federation weapon
on board?
A console on the bridge
was the source of the explosion.
We're not sure
what its function was,
and it's going
to be hard to get to.
transport it out?
We can't
Not with those levels
of nucleonic radiation.
The transporter beam
would disperse
the moment it hit
the irradiated cabin.
have Federation technology?
How could they possibly
There are only
three alternatives
I can discern
at this time.
One: It is not
Federation technology at all,
but something
similar.
Bridge.
Two:
Another Federation starship
may have been brought
to the Delta Quadrant
prior to our arrival,
and they interacted
with the Kazon-Nistrim.
reports of missing starships?
Were there any other
Not to my knowledge.
Three: Someone
from this ship
has covertly given technology
to the Kazon.
hold turbolift.
Computer,
I don't like number three at
all, Tuvok.
Nevertheless, it is the most
probable explanation.
It may not
be a coincidence
that the Kazon ship
we encountered at the planet
was able to deceive
our sensors.
Perhaps someone transmitted
instructions to them
before we arrived.
( sighs )
I want you to personally
transmission logs, Tuvok.
go through the
the actual telemetry.
Compare them to
evidence of prior contact
See if there's any
with the Kazon.
Who would have had a chance
to meet with them
while you were on the surface?
A dozen people.
We were scattered
all over the area.
You did discover Ensign Seska
in proximity to them.
Seska almost killed me
because she thought
I was Kazon.
something like this.
She wouldn't do
to regard her with caution
Nevertheless, I urge you
for the time being.
on this ship betray us?
Why would anyone
We're all in this together.
We need to retrieve that console
and get some answers
before the rumors
get out of hand.
Computer, resume.
Releasing the force field
isn't an option.
radiation into the whole cabin.
That would just allow the
We could generate
a localized subspace bubble
to get past
the force field.
subspace disruption
One minor
and you're dead.
It's too risky.
I'd be willing
to risk it.
We could use an expander
the containment field.
to manipulate
Manipulate it how?
Move it out of the way.
Rotate the field,
and the radiation
trapped inside it
away from the console.
Once it's clear,
we have access.
How long will it take
to set this up?
We, uh, we should be able to
make an attempt by tomorrow.
by the end of the day.
I want it ready
No, Captain.
When I say tomorrow,
I mean tomorrow.
I don't exaggerate.
Tomorrow is the best I can do.
Understood, Lieutenant.
All right... we'll begin
on the Kazon bridge.
Carey, Nicoletti, Seska.
No. I want Ensign Seska
to coordinate the operation
from our bridge.
you're with us.
Okay, Henard,
Dismissed.
What was that all about?
What?
what I'm talking about.
Oh, you know
There's nothing important to do
on the bridge.
I disagree. We need someone
up there--
What the hell
is going on?
There's some concern
about you.
What kind of concern?
Concern because I found you
near the Kazon on the planet.
So now I'm a traitor.
Oh, I see.
I don't believe that.
I sell technology to the enemy?
No, you just take me off
my assignment.
I'm trying to take you out of
harm's way to protect you.
This is your idea
of protection?
point a finger at me
You might as well
in front of the entire crew.
you don't trust to the bridge.
You don't assign someone
Look, I'm sorry,
but if something goes wrong
over there, I don't want you
anywhere near it.
your concern.
Thanks for
How is he?
Not very good.
We need to completely
replace his blood.
Will he regain
consciousness?
I'm not sure.
Even if he does, there's no way
to predict
damage there might be.
what kind of brain
He's the only one
who really knows
what happened
on that ship, Doctor.
The only one
who can tell them
I had nothing
to do with it.
You? I don't
understand.
Would you call me
right away if he wakes up?
All right.
Ensign...
did you ever come in
to leave a blood
sample on file?
No. I never got around to it.
Why?
I've been running a crew
compatibility analysis,
and your file
never came up.
My blood won't help you.
I had a childhood disease
that infected it.
I was warned never to donate
blood for a transfusion.
All the more reason we should
have your blood on file.
I will.
Right now, I have something
more important to take care of.
an unauthorized transmission.
Someone did make
And whoever it was was an expert
at covering their tracks.
The signal was masked by a test
of the dorsal emitters
that we conducted
a week ago.
Who was working
on that test?
Only the whole Engineering crew.
We're trying to trace
the station where the signal
originated.
Again, the perpetrator
was skilled enough
to make the tracking process
extremely difficult for us.
It's like working backwards
through a maze of circuits.
We keep bumping
into dead ends.
Paris to Captain Janeway.
Please report to the bridge.
Captain, another Kazon ship
is approaching,
the disabled ship.
trying to hail
They're not within
visual range yet.
picked up the distress call.
Perhaps someone else
What's their ETA?
At their current speed,
four hours, 20 minutes.
Should I tell them we're here?
If we know about them,
they know about us.
it's a good bet
We don't have anything good
to tell them.
I think we'll wait.
an unauthorized autosequence
Captain, I'm showing
in Transporter Room 2. Someone's
left Voyager.
Computer, identify who just
beamed off the ship
from Transporter Room 2.
Ensign Seska.
Chakotay to Seska.
I really don't have time
to talk to you right now,
Chakotay.
do you think you're doing?
What the hell
Retrieving the console, my way.
on this ship, and I mean now.
I want you back
The Captain said she wanted
the console today.
couldn't do it in time,
Carey's plan
but mine can.
Captain, it is conceivable
that she has gone
to the Kazon ship
to destroy evidence
that might implicate her.
She's gone back to the Kazon
ship to prove herself to us.
I've got a lock on her, Captain.
Can't you see that?
to transport her back?
Do you want me
If we try to beam her out
manipulating subspace,
while she's
we might kill her.
( screaming )
Chakotay to Seska.
Seska, respond.
Get her out of there!
Send her to sick bay.
Energizing.
Prep three ccs kelotane.
I'll need a dermal regenerator.
Run a full blood scan.
( moaning )
Have a seat, Mr. Carey.
How have things been going
for you in engineering?
Fine.
Why, is there a problem?
You getting along all right
with Lieutenant Torres?
I think we've settled
our differences.
Engineer over you, Lieutenant.
She was promoted to Chief
That might be difficult
for someone in your position
to accept.
Captain, I accepted
your decision,
and I've worked as hard as I can
to make myself a valuable member
of Lieutenant Torres' team.
I can't believe
she'd have any complaints
about my performance.
She doesn't.
Then what am I doing here?
have you had any contact
Lieutenant,
with the Kazon-Nistrim
in the Delta Quadrant?
since we arrived
What?!
Y-You mean, me personally?
No. Of course not.
You were out of contact
for almost an hour
where we encountered the Kazon.
on the planet
You mean, when I was picking
those poison apples?
we arrived at the planet?
What about before
to signal a Kazon-Nistrim ship?
Did you have any reason
Nevertheless,
No.
from your station in Engineering
a signal was sent to the Kazon
dorsal emitter test last week.
during our
My station?
Were you not in Engineering
at that time?
Well, yes, I was, but...
you know how it is down there
during a systems analysis.
Did you see anyone else
at your station?
Honestly, I don't remember.
Maybe you should ask Seska.
Why Seska?
Everybody knows she was found
in the cave with the Kazon.
she did anything wrong,
Look, I'm not saying
but I didn't either.
I'd like to believe you,
Mr. Carey,
but somebody did contact
the Kazon,
and until we know who,
to restrict you to quarters.
I'm going to have
What do you think?
and the opportunity.
He had the motive
He's also had a distinguished
Starfleet career.
Seska spent most of
the last two years
as an enemy
of the Federation.
So have I.
by the approaching Kazon ship.
Captain, we're being hailed
KIM:
How soon will they be here?
Four minutes.
I wish we had something
more definitive to tell them.
Open a channel.
I am Kathryn Janeway,
Captain of the Federation
starship Voyager.
First Maje of the Kazon-Nistrim.
My name is Culluh,
What have you done to our ship?
We responded to a call for help.
Unfortunately, by the time
we were able to respond,
all but one of the crew
were dead.
I would like to speak
to the survivor.
regained consciousness.
He hasn't
We have him in our sick bay.
We'd be happy to beam you aboard
so you can see him.
You will prepare for my arrival.
Friendly sort.
I'm glad you're here.
Ah, Captain,
DOCTOR:
I was just about
to call you.
First Maje Culluh,
Doctor, this is
of the Kazon-Nistrim.
Could you give us
the latest condition report
on your Kazon patient?
Well, the good news is, we've
been able to stabilize him.
We had to completely
replace his blood.
Replace his blood?
With what?
The blood of volunteers
from our crew.
They saved his life.
His own blood cells
were killing him.
by the accident on his ship.
They were changed
Changed in what manner?
to determine that yet.
We haven't been able
working on a plan
We've been
to access the source
of the explosion,
a lot of the questions.
which should answer
That will no longer
be necessary.
We will take the damaged vessel
to our port for inspection.
I'm afraid I can't allow you
to do that just yet.
And what gives you the right
to interfere in our affairs?
of a Federation compound
There was a trace
of the explosion.
in the remains
that someone on board this ship
We have reason to believe
gave technology
to your people.
explanation of what occurred,
Until we have a better
that ship to you.
I can't release
That is not acceptable.
It will have to be.
Your unique technologies
make you brave, Captain,
but you have only one ship.
In less than a day,
there will be four Kazon vessels
off your bow.
Perhaps by then we'll have
the answers we need.
You will leave us with him.
I assume they'll want to
take him back to their ship.
I'd rather not let them
do it just yet,
in case
he regains consciousness.
There are a lot of questions
he can answer.
Can I tell them
it's not safe to move him?
Good.
It will be the truth.
( steady tone sounds )
He's dead.
Get off this ship.
There was some kind
of nerve toxin
He died instantly.
in that needle.
Captain, may we talk to you
in my office?
It's about Seska.
Complications?
I was analyzing
her blood chemistry
to try to locate
a compatible donor.
But when I got the results,
her blood was lacking
all the common
Bajoran blood factors.
Meaning?
The only conclusion
we can reach
is that she is not,
in fact, Bajoran.
It appears Seska has been
genetically altered.
My suspicion is she
was born Cardassian.
You're asking me to believe
she's a Cardassian agent
who infiltrated the Maquis?
Starfleet Security has
documented several incidents
in which Cardassians
have used cosmetic alterations
of infiltrating an enemy.
for the purpose
This is just impossible.
This is crazy.
The Doctor has informed us
that there is no other
plausible explanation for the
medical anomalies, Commander.
I'd like to hear her explanation
If you don't mind,
before we dismiss it.
Has she been told?
No.
I'd like to be the one
who questions her.
until we retrieve the console.
I suggest we wait
Janeway to Torres.
Your status.
Yes, Captain.
with the computer simulations.
We are finished
We're ready to beam over.
Everything looks okay.
Good. Then let's get started.
Janeway out.
Seska was working for them.
You were working for her,
that ship working for me?
Was anyone on board
The Kazon ship
is hailing us.
Open a channel.
On screen.
Our sensors show that you are
trespassing on our vessel.
As I've already informed you,
we're attempting
to retrieve the console
that caused this explosion.
If you attempt to remove
anything from our ship,
it will be considered
an act of war.
You know,
to get along with
I'm really easy
most of the time...
but I don't like bullies,
and I don't like threats,
and I don't like you, Culluh.
from getting to the truth,
You can try and stop us
but I promise you, if you do,
all the "unique" technologies
I will respond with
at my command.
Janeway out.
Their weapons systems
are standing down.
They do not appear to be posing
a threat to us at this time.
At least not until
reinforcements get here.
Janeway to away team.
TORRES: Yes, Captain?
I don't want to rush you,
Lieutenant, but--
We're finished, Captain.
I beg your pardon?
went exactly as planned.
Decontamination
The console has been transported
to Engineering,
and we're on our way back now.
Acknowledged.
Well done, away team.
We'll meet you
in Engineering.
Of all the things to die for.
It's a food
replicator...
it was trying to be.
or at least
We may take replicators
for granted,
but imagine what it would mean
to a culture that doesn't have
this technology.
They didn't use a thick enough
interior shield casing.
Once the nucleonic radiation
leaked out,
a cascade reaction
was inevitable.
the console came from our ship?
Can you tell if any part of
There's no doubt about it,
Captain.
The pattern buffer relays
are clearly composed
of bioneural fibers.
No other Federation ship
would have them.
gave them what they needed.
Somebody on board Voyager
I guess they just didn't know
what to do with it.
I want a complete report
on everything we've found
with our Kazon friends.
so I can share it
We've recovered
the console.
It's a replicator
constructed with materials
from Voyager.
I suppose now everyone thinks
I went over there
to destroy the evidence.
Did you?
I was only trying
to show everyone--
Show you...
You really think I had something
to do with this, don't you?
I'm not sure anymore.
To be honest,
I'm not sure of
a lot of things.
Then why don't you go talk
to your animal guide
and figure it all out?
I plan to.
Good. Get back to me when you
do.
You know, it's funny...
about what's been real
I've been thinking
not been real.
and what's
What is this about?
What's wrong with you?
Talk to me, Chakotay.
You owe me that much.
What would you say
who infiltrated my crew?
I owed to a Cardassian
What are you talking about?
you never got around
Isn't that why
when we came on board?
to a blood analysis
I didn't get around to it
because I didn't
get around to it.
blood is missing
Turns out your
Bajoran blood factors.
all the common
It's a side effect
of Orkett's disease.
Ask your doctor.
Orkett's disease?
A childhood virus that swept
through the Bajoran work camps
during the Occupation.
Thousands of children
didn't survive.
I did, thanks to
a bone marrow transplant
from a sympathetic
Cardassian woman.
Her name was Kattell.
When we get home,
you can ask her yourself.
You must think I'm horrible.
Do you think I gave you my...
my heart to get
your Maquis secrets?
I was starting to wonder.
Let me tell you something...
your secrets
weren't good enough.
They wouldn't have been worth
the trouble
for a Cardassian agent.
I had only one agenda
with you, Chakotay,
and I never kept it secret.
So you believe in me again?
I want to.
Good, because I want
to go back to work.
Let's not rush things.
No, I'm going stir-crazy
in here.
You're going to have
to stay confined,
at least until we find out
replicator components
exactly where the
Well, what'll that tell you?
were taken from.
There might be evidence
of who took them.
Oh, you don't think
whoever did this
is foolish enough to log in
using their own name?
leaves no stone unturned.
Chief Inspector Tuvok
I'll tell the Captain
what you told me.
to clear this up soon.
Somehow, we'll try
She said a Cardassian
bone marrow transplant
saved her life as a child.
Did you set our
plan in motion?
I gave Lieutenant Carey
the same information.
Now all we can do is wait
and hope someone takes the bait.
Gin.
I never knew Vulcans had such
a talent for cards.
It is simply a matter
of logical discards,
which give a false impression
of my own requirements
and deny the needed cards
to your hand.
I believe that's
94 points to me.
If you ever need a sponsor
in a gin tournament,
let me know.
two more Kazon warships,
We're picking up
We're not going to be able
about six hours away.
to stay here much--
( console beeping )
That sounds like
a nibble to me.
Someone is accessing
the inventory database.
And they're going straight to
the missing replicator
materials.
Should we start
the trace now?
Negative.
It might alert them.
They're entering data.
Intriguing.
It appears as though they're
trying to place evidence
at the scene of the crime
to indicate the guilty party.
an encrypted security code
They're entering
into the materials
requisition file.
Which would suggest
they're hiding it,
but not very well.
Anybody know whose security code
that belongs to?
I do.
It's Seska's.
Then it has to be Carey.
Carey is trying to point
the finger at Seska.
Chakotay...
is anything wrong?
It's over. We know who gave
the technology to the Kazon.
Who?
You did.
Look, I don't know what evidence
you think you've found, but...
you put there for us to find.
We found the evidence
Your own security code.
what you're talking about.
I have no idea
We already knew where the stolen
materials had been taken from
before I met with you.
the inventory manifest,
We were monitoring
would try to cover your tracks.
hoping either you or Carey
Hell of a way for me
to cover my tracks,
putting in my own security code
for you to find?
That's exactly what you did.
You knew no one would believe
you could be that careless.
You wanted us to believe
was trying to frame you.
that someone else
that maybe someone was?
Ever consider
We traced the computer station
used to enter the data.
Oh, you took us all around
the system and back again
before we could locate
the source,
but it was this station
in sick bay.
it was a Maquis operation,
I'd almost say
if I didn't already know
you were a Cardassian.
Computer, activate emergency
holographic medical program.
Ah.
Have I been called
to testify?
Before you even mentioned
Orkett's disease to me,
already discounted that
the doctor had
as a possible explanation
for your blood anomalies.
informed about Bajoran medicine
And may I say a doctor less
DOCTOR:
might have been fooled,
but my program includes
the complete Bajoran medical
text on Orkett's disease.
any childhood virus
There's no way
bone marrow transplant
or Cardassian
can explain away the genetic
markers in your blood.
You are Cardassian, Ensign.
But that didn't necessarily
make you the traitor
We needed more evidence,
we were looking for.
and you gave it to us.
I still can't understand is...
The one thing
why?
I did it for you.
I did it for this crew.
We are alone here,
of any number of hostile aliens
at the mercy
the incomprehensible decision
because of
of a Federation Captain.
A Federation Captain
who destroyed
our only chance to get home.
Federation rules,
Federation nobility,
Federation compassion?
Do you understand?
a Cardassian ship,
If this had been
we would be home now.
We must begin to forge
alliances.
we must have powerful friends.
To survive,
The Kazon-Nistrim were willing
to be our protectors
for some minor technology.
in return
that could change
Minor technology
the balance of power
in this Quadrant.
Change it in our favor.
That is all that matters
at this point,
building a base of power
in this Quadrant.
You are a fool, Captain.
And you're a fool
to follow her.
I can't imagine
how I ever loved you.
Computer, Command XJL.
transport in progress.
Computer, override
Security lockout is in place.
Unable to comply.
Computer, identify destination
of transport.
14 kilometers off the port bow.
A Kazon vessel,
Bridge to Janeway.
Go ahead.
is powering up its engines.
The Kazon ship
getting ready to go to warp.
It looks like they're
I've also got two Kazon warships
Ready a tractor beam.
less than ten minutes away.
on an intercept course
Captain, even with our superior
defense capabilities,
TUVOK:
we cannot prevail against
three Kazon warships.
Awaiting your instructions,
Captain.
Power down the tractor beam.
Set a course out of here,
Mr. Paris, warp four.
Engage when ready.
Yes, ma'am.
We'll have to wait for another
day to settle up with Seska.
Can I ask you to be honest
with me, Lieutenant?
As a Vulcan, I am at all
times honest, Commander.
That's not exactly true.
You lied to me
as a Maquis to get on my crew.
when you passed yourself off
to my own convictions
I was honest
within the defined parameters
of my mission.
and your defined parameters.
You damned Vulcans
That's easy for you.
On the contrary. The demands
on a Vulcan's character
are extraordinarily difficult.
Do not mistake composure
for ease.
How may I be honest
with you today?
I'd just like to know,
from someone else who pulled
the wool over my eyes,
was I particularly naive?
Was I not
paying enough attention?
What the hell was it that
let all you spies get by me?
Like all humans,
and instincts to guide you,
you depend on feelings
and they invariably
let you down.
But "particularly naive"?
and I've always considered
No, Commander,
your attention span
to be adequate.
Did you ever see anything
about Seska
that made you suspicious?
No. She quite expertly
over my eyes as well.
"pulled the wool"
Well...
that makes me feel
a little better. Thanks.
Curious.
What?
added to your own,
That my failure,
should improve your feelings.
Misery loves company, Tuvok.